# LeyvaMReverseItEndPoint

//What ever the user types in, it will reverse the users input 
//Peer Review: Christopher Prado 26OCT22 : I enjoyed using this program it accuretely reversed my #'s . 
//I was also surprised to find that this program could reverse letters.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 1: Getting the URL from github

//So to access and play my code, you first visit my github. Once you found my github you then go to my profile, after that you will //go to my repository. Then you are gonna look thru my repository's to find the one you are looking for. Once you found the one you //are looking for you will then click on it. After you click on it you will see a green little box, that says code on it. Once you locate //it you will than click on it. After you click the green box, a URL will pop up, on top of the URL will three options to choose from, those //options are HTTPS, SSH, GitHub CLI. Out of those three you are gonna choose HTTPS, after that you will see a URL on the bottom. Once you //Locate the URL you will see to small square's stacked on top of each other next to the URL. Those squares will always be on your right hand side of //your URL. Once you locate those stacked, you are going to click it because it's going to copy that specific URL because with out that URL // you cant access my vscode.

Part 2: Going into VS Code

// Now that you have copied the URL, you then are going to head over to visual stuio code or for short VS Code. Once you opened VS Code // you should be on the main menu of VS Code, you will see a title header call Start, under that there will be three different options //to choose from, the first one will be New File, the second one will be Open, and the last one will be Clone Git Repository. You are // going to choose the one that says Clone Git Repository. Once you clicked on it a drop box will appear with the options to past a //URL, right in that box you are gonna past that URL. After you do that you are gonna have two options to press under neath the // URL, the first option will be clone from URL, and the second option will be clone from github. You are going to choose the first options // Which was clone from URL. After you click on the clone part, it will no take you too where my code is displayed. In order to choose the right // one you will look on the left hand off your screen and notice a bunch a random folders. You will be looking for the folder called Controllers // it will look like a yllow folder icon. once you located it you are than gonna click on it, once you do that a set of two controllers in side //that folder will drop down, you are gonna choose the one that has the title or name in it. For exaple, if the assignment is call Adding Numbers //so in the controllers file it will say AddingNumbersController.cs || Once you located it you then are going to click on it. After you do that //You will see my code that was intened for that assignment.

Final Part: Uploading to PostMan

//Once you have clicked on the right controller for the assignment, you will now be able to test my code in postman but, before you start that //that, you are going to locate the run and debug button. That button will be on the left hand side of you screen as well, the button or symbol //of the debug will look like a little small bug with a play button. Once you find it you are going to click on it, after you click it, you left //hand side will change. Once it changes you will see a green triangle in the corner of your screen. After you located it, you will click on it. // After you click on it, it will start to run and debug the program. Once it starts debuging it will take you too a different screen which //indicates that the program is working. after that you will be on the screen it took you too, You then are going to take the url from that site. //Once you did that you are gonna make sure that you have postman downloaded, after you have it downloaded you are now gonna head over too postman //Once your on post man your gonna see in the middle of the screen it says past URL, right there you are gonna paste it. For exaple the URL that you //From the site that had nothing will look like https://localhost:7246 || after you pasted it you gonna have to add extra words in that URL to work. //Once you pasted it you than are going to add the name of the assignment wich in this case is called ReverseIt after that you going to have to //add the route name so it call target the code, so it will look something like this https://localhost:7246/Reverseit/1234 || //Now after you added all that extra stuff you will click the blue square button that says send. once you located that you then are going to click //it, after you click it on the button of the sceen it will display the message of what the code is trying to explain or say //So that is how you explain how to do somthing right, I Hope
